Rose Mary Font License

Version 1.0, March 2023

Thank you for using the Rose Mary font ("the Font"). This license agreement ("the License") is a legal agreement between you and the creator of the Font ("the Licensor") for the use of the Font.

1. Grant of License

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, the Licensor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, modify, and distribute the Font, including any derivative works created from the Font, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial.

2. Restrictions

You may not sell or sublicense the Font, in whole or in part, without the express written permission of the Licensor. You may not use the Font to create any product that competes with the Licensor's Font or Font-related products. You may not use the Font in any way that is defamatory, pornographic, or otherwise illegal.

3. Attribution

If you use the Font in any project, you must give attribution to the Licensor in the form of a credit line or acknowledgement. The credit line should include the name of the Font, the Licensor's name, and a link to the Licensor's website, if available.

4. Warranty and Disclaimer

The Font is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The Licensor does not warrant that the Font will meet your requirements or that its use will be uninterrupted or error-free.

5. Limitation of Liability

In no event shall the Licensor be liable for any damages arising out of the use or inability to use the Font, even if the Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so this limitation may not apply to you.

6. Termination

The Licensor may terminate this License at any time if you breach any of its terms and conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately cease all use of the Font and destroy all copies of the Font in your possession.

7. Governing Law

This License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Licensor is located.

8. Entire Agreement

This License constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Licensor regarding the use of the Font and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral, relating to the Font.

By using the Font, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License. If you do not agree to the terms of this License, do not use the Font.
